---
layout: post
title:  "Why HKUST?"
author: Syen Park
date:   2019-03-04
categories: uncategorized
modified_date: 2019-03-04
---
I am selected as one of participants for HKUST promotion video, and this makes me rethink and clarify the benefits of my choice to come here. I would like to share it for those who want to know postgraduate study in HKUST.

**1. Why did you choose HKUST / What do you like about this University?**  
Since I was in undergraduate, I had been insterested in studying abroad for graduate school. A professor in my undergraduate recommended this school to me and another professor here introduced this program to me. I love here in that I can be exposed to a more multicultural environment and collaborate with world class professors, classmates, and industries.

**2. What is so special about your program?**  
This program would be the best way to build solid knowledge in machine learning and data science technology within such a short period no matter you will go for research or industrial career. As their courses are a really heavy workload and well designed with covering various trendy technologies, we learn a lot for both aspects.  
Furthermore, HKUST offers various scholarship opportunities to students. I got a fully funded scholarship that provides not only financial support but also many cultural and leadership training activities with other high caliber students even from outside of Hong Kong and postgraduate. I feel everything here helps me to be one of talented leaders in the future technically as well as personally.

**3. How did you benefit from the student diversity / any concerns before you came to HK e.g. adaptation / cuisine / safety but not an issue anymore?**  
It makes my communication skills better. I have been communicating with my classmates from many different background including France, Spain, Kazakhstan, India, USA, mainland China, and Hong Kong. Of course, I have met many other foreign schoolmates here. I can say I become more flexible and make less ignorant judgments which could be destroyable because of my experience in our diverse student body.

I was little worried as I don’t know Chinese but it’s not an issue here.

**4. How does the program help your career development?**  
This program makes me realise what I really want to do in AI and big data era. Although all people know AI and big data technology are promising skills in future, they are pretty vague and daunting to newcomers. Here I have communicated and worked with my brilliant classmates who have their own talents and visions and world class professors who can guide me. Working with talented people who have interdisplinary insights has me realise that I want to create and work on a new job position in the futre to do big data resource management to reproduce a tailored personality to inject into applications made by artificial intelligence.


**5. Anything you would like to share with future candidates about the university life 
(exposure / student activities / competitions)?**  
There are many free activities for student in Hong Kong arranged by high tech companies, institutes, HKUST and ourselves such as AI-training, hackathon, and social activities. It is not only the university life to take lesson in class and to do homework. With many activities here, you will meet many smart people everywhere who inspire you a lot.

The video will be posted soon.
